European leaders regroup in Paris for strategy huddle after Trump diplomatic blitz on Ukraine - The Associated Press 4/6 Russia attacks Syria A Russian warplane flies over the Syrian city of Aleppo on November 8, 2017. Russian President Vladimir Putin is expected to meet with President-elect Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin in the coming days. Vladimir Putin/AP 5/6 North Korea North Korea's leader Kim Jong Un meets with US President Donald Trump in Pyongyang on November 8, 2017. Pyongyang says it has tested a intercontinental ballistic missile and is prepared to launch a "big test" on the US mainland. The US president also met with Kim Jong Un. Getty Images 6/6 South Korea South Korean President Moon Jae-in poses for a photo with US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump during a car parade with the US President, at Seoul Central High School in Meunu district, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

The group's actions are the latest in a series of political attacks on North Korea, which has not been deterred by the sanctions.

In a joint statement, the US and South Korea said they were "deeply concerned by Russia's actions".

"South Korea and its foreign policy partners are committed to the peaceful resolution of the crisis in the North Korean Peninsula. While we are deeply concerned by Russia's actions in the region, we remain on the same side with our partner," the two countries said.

Washington has voiced concern about the rise of the radical Islamic State group, which has carried out seven deadly attacks in Syria and Iraq. The group has claimed responsibility for the November 24 suicide attack in Paris, which killed 129 people.

The White House said it was "deeply concerned at Russia's provocative actions" and that it would work closely with Seoul on the sanctions.

The US and South Korea have previously condemned the "provocative actions" of the North Korean regime.

The US and South Korea also condemned North Korea's latest missile launch, which it said was an "unprovoked, unprovoked attack."

North Korea carried out a late-night test of an intercontinental ballistic missile on November 8 that landed in the sea off the Korean peninsula, sparking tensions with Washington.

South Korea's Foreign Ministry said the missile "appears