John Schneider: Seahawks are talking to "a ton of teams" about a D.K. Metcalf trade - NBC Sports: Seahawks' Marshawn Lynch is a big deal for Seattle - Sports Illustrated: Seahawks' Marshawn Lynch is a major bust for Seattle - Seattle Times: Seahawks would like to trade Marshawn Lynch so they can move a star receiver - ESPN: Seahawks are interested in Marshawn Lynch, Seahawks' Jeff Heath talks about the franchise's need for a top receiver - NFL Network: Seahawks want to keep Marshawn Lynch and a future first-round selection - NFL Network: Seahawks want to keep Marshawn Lynch and a future first-round selection - NFL Network: Seahawks are interested in Marshawn Lynch and a future first-round draft pick - Seattle Business Journal: Seahawks want to keep Marshawn Lynch and a future first-round pick - The Seattle Times: Seahawks want to keep Marshawn Lynch and a future first-round draft pick - The Seattle Times: Seahawks are interested in Marshawn Lynch and a future first-round draft pick - The Seattle Times: Seahawks are interested in Marshawn Lynch and a future first-round draft pick - The Seattle Times: Seahawks are interested in Marshawn Lynch and a future first-round draft pick - The Seattle Times: Seahawks are interested in Marshawn Lynch and a future first-round draft pick -

A Seattle Seahawks linebacker who was benched for the season on Sunday's game with a concussion has returned for Sunday's clash with the Buffalo Bills.

Chris Clemons was also in the locker room, but was not in the same room as Jerrell Freeman.

"My head just went straight out the window," Clemons said. "I'm not going to let that happen."

Freeman had a season-high 20 tackles and two sacks.

The Seahawks were 1-1 on the ground against Buffalo, with nine tackles returning, and were 2-for-5 on third down.

Freeman's return comes after a disappointing start this season for Seattle.

Clemons, 24, was on injured reserve with an ankle injury. Freeman and cornerback Richard Sherman were both back as a group.