Rapid spread of H5N1 bird flu through California dairy herds suggests unknown paths of transmission - STAT

SAN ANTONIO, CA (June 3, 2017) – The American Heart Association has issued a statement urging California dairy producers to keep their herds healthy and to encourage herd management efforts to protect California's public health and the quality of life.

"The current outbreak of H5N1 bird flu has been linked to increased milk consumption, increased pesticide use, increased livestock production, and increased animal overpopulation, including in the dairy herds of California dairy herds," said Dr. David L. Loy, chairman and CEO of the American Heart Association. "The epidemic is spreading through more than 150 dairy herds in California, with the majority of these herds now being in California's dairy herd system. When California consumers are left to choose their health and livestock feed, they may not be able to afford the additional environmental and public health risks of dairy consumption."

"The H5N1 virus has been linked to elevated levels of H2-B, which is a common cause of heart disease in animals over the age of 90," said Dr. Michael M. Hochberg, chairman and CEO, Heartland Institute. "A growing body of research indicates that H5N1 is most likely to be circulating in dairy herds throughout the United States, and that the virus can then spread within dairy herds within the first few days of exposure.

"We are concerned that some dairy herds may have had their herds affected by this disease, and that these herds may have also been exposed to contaminated or infected dairy products. We urge dairy producers to use high quality, safe milk and dairy products. The U.S. government should also take action to ensure that their herds are safe for their public health. This is not the first time H5N1 has been linked to the health and well-being of California consumers, and it is not the first time that H5N1 has been linked to the health and well-being of dairy herds in California.

"California dairy herds, in turn, have been at risk of being infected with H5N1 in recent years. This is not the first time that H5N1 has been linked to the health and well-being of dairy herds in California; however, dairy herds in California have been at higher