Blake Lively accuses It Ends With Us co-star Justin Baldoni of smear campaign - BBC.com, 10 May 2016.

"In the light of the allegations against the BBC, it is inappropriate to comment further on the allegations against the BBC. We do not condone or support the use of language that could be perceived as racist, sexist, homophobic or any other offensive or sexist language or behaviour by any member of the media," Mr Lively added.

In a statement, the BBC said it was "disappointed and outraged by the allegations against the BBC. We also apologise for the way the allegations were handled for the benefit of the BBC. We have seen no evidence that any of the allegations were true, and we will not tolerate any further use of race, colour, gender or sexuality in its coverage of the BBC."

"We also reject any suggestion that the BBC has done anything to harm or hurt the BBC in any way. It is unfair and inaccurate to suggest that the BBC has done anything to harm the BBC in any way that the BBC has not.

"We are extremely saddened by the allegations and we will be taking the appropriate action to ensure they are fully investigated and dealt with as they are."

The BBC said it could not comment further.

In a statement, the BBC said it was "disappointed and outraged" by the allegations against the BBC.

"The BBC has made no apologies for what has been described as racist, sexist or any other offensive or sexist language or behaviour by anyone," it said.

"In light of the allegations against the BBC, it is inappropriate to comment further on the allegations against the BBC. We do not condone or support the use of language that could be perceived as racist, sexist, homophobic or any other offensive or sexist language or behaviour by any member of the media."

The BBC said it had "not made any apology for the way the allegations were handled for the benefit of the BBC".

In an email to BBC.com, the broadcaster said it was "disappointed and outraged" by the allegations against the BBC.

"We sincerely regret that the allegations against the BBC are being investigated and will not tolerate any further use of race, colour, gender or sexuality in its coverage of the